doc: spell out condition restrictions (#55187)
nodejs/node: doc/api/packages.md

Any number of custom conditions can be set with repeat flags.

Conditions can be almost any string, including multi-byte characters and

> whitespace. There's only a few restrictions:

Reviewer: I would prefer that we do not say this, and instead say something less specific, eg that special characters are permitted in condition names. We should probably ban spaces IMO.

Author: We could start this with a stronger recommendation (e.g. keep it to `/^[a-z0-9:=-]+$/`) and only afterwards go into the technical side of what's enforced?

I'm +1 on banning whitespace and also banning quotes and non-ASCII characters. I don't see a clear use case for those but could see many confusing bugs. Conditions usually fail silently, so debugging a "looked like character A but was actually character B" problem seems super annoying.

Author: Added a more opinionated opening paragraph before delving into the technical restrictions.

Any number of custom conditions can be set with repeat flags.

Typical conditions should only contain alphanumerical characters,
using ":" or "=" as separators if necessary. Anything else may run

> into compability issues outside of node.

Author: The webpack docs are suggesting using `<ns>:` to namespace custom conditions: https://webpack.js.org/guides/package-exports/#conditions-custom

I'm uncertain about the spread of these practices, I haven't seen any data on usage.

> into compability issues outside of node.

Reviewer: Okay so perhaps we should just mention `-` and `:` then as the main ones? Kebab-case as the convention in general is good to indicate as well.

> into compability issues outside of node.

Author: Added a callout for `-`.

In node, conditions can be almost any string, including multi-byte characters and whitespace.

> There's only a few restrictions:

Author: Sounds good, applied.

1. They must contain at least one character.
2. They cannot start with "." since they may appear in places that also
   allow relative paths.
3. They cannot contain "," since they may be parsed as a comma-separated
   list by some CLI tools.

> 4. They cannot be numeric property keys like "10" since that can have
>    unexpected effects on property ordering.

Reviewer: I believe this only applies to integers?

```suggestion
4. They cannot be integer property keys like "10" since that can have
   unexpected effects on object property ordering (see .
```

Author: Applied - I assume you meant "property key ordering" and not "key property ordering".
